bpo-45121: Fix issue when Protocol.__init__ raise RecursionError (#28206)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2021-09-07-17-10-16.bpo-45121.iG-Hsf.rst

> Fix issue when ``Protocol.__init__`` raise ``RecursionError`` when it called

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix issue where ``Protocol.__init__`` raises ``RecursionError`` when called
```

> Fix issue when ``Protocol.__init__`` raises ``RecursionError`` when it
> called directly or via ``super()``. Patch provided by Yurii Karabas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix issue where ``Protocol.__init__`` raises ``RecursionError`` when it's
called directly or via ``super()``. Patch provided by Yurii Karabas.
```
